Uncomment links in esql-search-tutorial.md (#979)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/search/esql-search-tutorial.md

This is a hands-on introduction to the basics of full-text search and semantic search, using [{{esql}}](/explore-analyze/query-filter/languages/esql.md).

> For an overview of all the search capabilities in {{esql}}, refer to [Using {{esql}} for search](elasticsearch://reference/query-languages/esql/esql-for-search.md).

Author: ```suggestion
For an overview of all the search capabilities in {{esql}}, refer to [Using {{esql}} for search](/solutions/search/esql-for-search.md).
```
